@BrianBishop - Thanks, that's helpful.
Searching for tags will also be very helpful.
@LucyTancredi - The comment tagged with #solution would likely just be the solution to the RPD, and not describe the problem.
Simply tagging one comment with "solution" will help in some cases, but won't be enough in the following cases: - In many cases, a solution is spread over multiple comments (e.g.
an engineer/PD suggests trying A to solve the issue, then the user replies saying that partially helped, so they suggest trying B, etc.) -- one concise comment eloquently stating the solution or troubleshooting tips, along with other relevant info (e.g.
FDS minimum version requirement, or CACCESS restrictions, or anything else) would be more helpful.
- Sometimes it's hard to discern whether the problem in the RPD is the same issue that you're having.
The filer might think the issue is X, when really after troubleshooting, we discover it is Y.
The synposis would state the problem in a way that makes it relevant for everyone (not just a specific template for example).
- A single RPD could have solutions to multiple issues, and the initial problem description might not cover all of the issues discussed in the RPD.
I think its nice to be able to read a concise problem description and solution -- as opposed to having to scan through an RPD to find the problem, and then separately reading the solution.
As I said above, if this could be exposed through the hover in search results, it would likely save users a lot of time.
For example, in this RPD:4138325 , the comment tagged "solution" doesn't explain what the problem is.
If you read the lengthy problem, it is specific to FTSE NAREIT Indices.
The RPD has solutions to multiple problems (see the 2 comments tagged "solution").
One deals with formatting one of the chart axes, and the other with a workaround to charting IDs that work with time and sales codes.
I could spend 5 minutes trying to figure out what the problem is, and whether my problem is the same or not.
A synopsis could explain the various problems/solutions covered in the RPD.
For example, if you're trying to format the x-axis of an intraday chart to only include rounded half-hour times, then do XYZ.
I am not proposing forcing fielded data.
The author of the synopsis could add whatever information s/he thinks is relevant.
Thanks, Michelle
