This is interesting but neither example is really the same as a 'solution' to the RPD.
Karl's example feels like he wants to flag a 'workaround' as something more obvious to consumers, but discussion is continuing toward the actual fix.
In Karim's example, he specified an ETA, so it would be normal for discussion to continue until the fix.
The issue of 'ETA' is an ongoing issue seem by RPD.
I can tell by looking at a PDIS rpd when it is expected to be completed, but there is no consitency.
Karim made a comments, some users use 'estimated completion date', PDIS uses associated 'Build' RPDs, etc.
@LucyTancredi I think what would be more helpful here is some priority to the display of the comments.
Basically, a way to digest the full RPD thread.
Right now we load all comments and collapse all but the top and bottom 2 (or last unread).
But another option would be to no load all comments, selectively suppress comments that are less relevant.
For instance it could display: Opening comment ...
10 additional comments ...
(ie actually display this text as a collapsed section) A comment discussing a workaround &hellip; 20 additional comments &hellip; (ie actually display this text as a collapsed section) A comment discussing an ETA &hellip; 20 additional comments &hellip; (ie actually display this text as a collapsed section) 2 nd to last comment Last comment Or if there are more unread comments than that we could have more expanded by default.
Here&rsquo;s an example in QAI doing something similar: http://is.factset.com/justifier/TestManager/TestRun/2617176#/37126453 I don't know if we just have a simple up/down vote system like so many other sites (Stackoverflow etc), or let RPD Product owners or Assignees more directly control what is up voted.
For instance the assignee could provide a work around or ETA and the owner could clarify or provide ETA.
Or if there are standard 'categories' of these upvotes (say, 'workaround', 'eta', solution'), then these could be chosen and tagged directly to the comment, even as regular 'tags' now.
We could just put a bit more structure around it.
This would also help with the 100+ comment large RPDs that are very slow to open.
I think this is something we should/will consider in the UI simplification.
